EPITECH Chappy Protocol

# -----------SUBJECT ------------

The goal of this project is to create a network game where several teams confront on a tiles map containing
resources.

It contains three parts: a server, a gui and an ai that are linked. Our game is named Chappy: it is based by boat drived by cat.

# ------ SERVEUR --------

• The following server connected successfully the 3 parts. Please do -help to see what argument to use when starting the server.

• The server has one goal: generate the map, connect and communicate all the part, refill the resources and execute action from the ai.

• The following server can:

    -> Refill ressources (stones and food)
    -> Generate the map of the game based on the gui
    -> Forward action
    -> Left rotate action
    -> Right rotate action
    -> Take object from the map
    -> Manage the death of the ai
    -> Do a look action that return all the items that the ai can see
    -> Invocate the inventary and add or remove object from it
    -> Fork player (probably) and more
• To start the server do a make at the root and execute: ./zappy_server and the following argument from the help

# ----- GUI -----

• The following gui create the asset(map, pnj, song, etc.) from the game that are generated by the server.

• Our gui creates:

    -> A water map with the effect of waves
    -> Some boat of different color based on the team. They represent our ai.
    -> A remix music that combines a Pirates of the Caribbean song and cat noises.
    -> A bonus that is named "Drunked mode". When activated, the music speed up and instead of milk food we have alchool
• To start the gui do a make at the root and execute: ./zappy_gui


# ---- AI -----

• The following ai performs action that are send to the server.

• Our ai is based by state action:

    -> 3 states: hungry, safe, evolve
    -> 3 functions for each sate:
        Eat function where the ai will focus the food. The principe is untill he has less food than x nb in inventary: he will switch to hungry state and will search for food. If he can not see the food he rotate on himself and redo a look. if he see a food he will go there. If he has enough food he will switch to safe mode
        The safe state is the state where he will search for stone, same principe than food if he has enough food he go for stones else he has not enough food and switch to hungry state. if he has enough stone he pass in evolve state
        Evolve state is when he can evolve, he verify the condition if he has enough stone AND a player has the same lv as him to evolve . Then drop all the object in the tile to perform the evolution. Be carefull when he do the evolution he is frozen by any action and have to possess enough food unless he die.
• Actually the ai can not switch state due to the mass of information he send to the server. But called independantly, he can either search for food or stone to evolve.

• The evolve condition do not work because our ai can not switch state.

# ---- ACTION ----


• Go to Asuki public project to see github action that test that our repository do not present any useless file like .o, cache, etc.


# ----------- HOW TO USE ------------

• Go to the main branch

• Verify that you have the last version. If not do a git pull origin main

• Do a make re at the root of the repository

• Launch first the zappy_server then zappy_gui and last the zappy_ai with the correct argument

• Look

Is it not clear ? There are examples below

# -----------EXAMPLE ------------

Example :

    -> ./zappy_server -p 8080 -x 11 -y 11 -n hello -c 3 -f 2000
        Game clocked started
    -> ./zappy_gui
        HOST: 127.0.0.1
        PORT: 8080
    -> ./zappy_ai -p 8080 -n hello -c 3 -h 127.0.0.1

That's it.


# ----------- THANKS ------------

This project is realised by Evan Labourdette, Clément Martin, Stanislas Commenge, Baptiste Perrard, Julia Tran, Albert Cosoreanu